hey youtube today we're here in the 2009
already a 4 i'm going to show you the
new subwoofer with the amplifier
installed a brand new so let's go ahead
and go to the back of the vehicle
alright so we're back here let me go
ahead and open the trunk and here we go
we got the sony xplod for Channel 6 on
your watt amplifier ah as I said it's
got 600 watts I got it wired in the high
level input for the positive and
negative coming out for the original
subwoofer of the vehicle here I got the
battery cable the ground cable and the
remote start cable and of course the
speaker wire for the sub 1 and here is
the pioneer 1000 watt subwoofer it's in
a box and uh it's completely sealed and
yeah it pounds really hard I mean
turning through 2 ohms total and let's
give it a try and see how it sounds
alright so I'm gonna tested with this
one
let me go
my love
you'll be
you